[Lex] All right.
We're training with the Khabib today.
One of the greatest fighters of all time.
Great human being.
It's unbelievable that I have the honor
to be able to train with these guys today.
I trained
with the team yesterday as well.
I feel a bit beat up.
I, actually before this texted Georges, GSP
asking if he has any advice at all
I told him I'm training with Khabib.
He said,
“If you die, you die.”
Thank you very much
for that advice, George.
I love you, brother.
You can tell on these mats.
has been champion
after champion after champion.
You can feel the history.
I'm gonna do a podcast with you tomorrow,
so this is epic. I'm,
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
So I know
we're going to get back to training.
Let's go.
[Khabib] yes yes, how are you my friend
"Как дела"
[Islam] Ready?
[Lex] Ready!
[Ali] It's my brother Khabib
he's my friend
[Lex] How are you doing, brother?
[Speaker_2] I was like, is that Lex Fridman? Nice to meet you.
[Lex] Thank you.
Wait?
[Khabib] Yes
[Ali] Tomorrow training with him.
[Lex] Okay.
[Khabib] I wish he's in.
[Ali] Tomorrow in the morning, same energy
[Lex] Always got a smile.
[UFC Embedded] You got some of the greatest of all time
on the mat right now.
Alex, Khabib, Amanda...
[Khabib] Brother, talking is gonna win.
Just be quiet and go to the mats.
He touched wrong leg.
[Lex] That to touch which leg?
I need to touch.
Help me!
Cheating.
[Ali] He tried to run like nothing. I hope his legs...
[Lex] This is not gonna end well.
[Lex] He is heavy
[Khabib] Let’s go, Lex!
[Speaker_5] Don’t tap, Lex!
Hold on, bud!
[Lex] This shit is heavy
I can’t do anything!
[Lex] This right here, this pressure is fucking insane.
[Khabib] Let me make him
tired.
[Ali] If you don't get good research,
you got go on Google. But give me.
[Lex in Russian] Do I have anything here or not?
[Lex] I feel like a white belt.
[Ali] What’s your belt, brother?
[Lex] Yeah, black belt.
[Speaker 6] Jiu jitsu or sambo?
[Lex] Jiu jitsu.
[Lex] Good point, good point.
[Speaker 6 to Khabib] What’s your belt?
[Khabib in Russian] I’m a Master of Sports (International)
[Speaker 6 to Khabib] Does Sambo have no belts?
[Khabib] they have, they have, levels.
they have levels, not belts.
[Lex] And you get them for competing.
I can’t do shit.
[Ali] I don't know,
this guy is not going to try to submit you
He is going to make you suffer. You
don't try to submit people. He just drown you
drown you drown you
[Ali] you're gonna be stressed
[Lex] John Smith.
Low single.
[Khabib] Let’s go, Lex!
[Ali] First round, First round
[Khabib] No, we'll go five.
[Speaker N] Five minutes?
[Khabib] Yes
[Lex] We'll be getting one more.
[Khabib] Next time I’m gonna make you work.
How are you feeling? Good?
[Lex] I shouldn't have gone with him first
[Khabib] It’s not about this.
[Lex] It’s just this?
[Khabib] No. I'm heavy first of all
[Lex] Amazing training partner.
[Khabib] No, no, but no injuries,no injuries.
[Lex] No injuries
[Khabib] But the heavy.
[Lex] Just heavy.
[Khabib] Stay heavy, stay heavy,
stay heavy on you.
[Lex] A quick shout out to LMNT.
Thank you for supporting this video.
LMNT is my go to zero sugar electrolyte
drink and has been for many years.
I bring these, LMNT packets everywhere
I go.
It helps me replenish electrolytes
I lose in training and fasting.
Check them out in the description.
drinklmnt.com/lex
All right.
Now back to training with Khabib.
[Glover] Can you give me a lesson?
[Khabib] I’m here.
[Glover]  Alright
[Khabib] Try. Try
[Glover] I try!
[Khabib] It’s OK, go!
[Ali] Okay, guys, finish, finish.
[Speaker_6] Keep going, keep going.
[Glover] Amazing!
Thank you.
[Khabib] Thank you.
Lex, we go again.
[UFC Embedded] He's got to!
Let’s spar the champ.
[Lex] “Wrong leg.”
“Wrong leg.”
[Ali] Now beginning at this club, okay?
[Khabib] Let's go.
Let's go, Lex. Let’s go, Lex!
Now you understand?
[Lex] Yeah.
[Khabib] Squeeze with legs.
Now, for example, you move. Move
[Khabib in Russian] Give me your hand.
[Lex] It's all this.
[Khabib] Yeah.
[Lex] Nothing here.
[Khabib] Understand?
[Khabib] Let’s go, brother.
[Khabib] Let’s go, Lex.
[Khabib] This in..
I hook...
No, don’t pull
look here
And I pull
Boom.
[Lex] And you just pull that.
[Khabib] Or this one.
But this one is better.
But sometimes when I want to put...
[Lex] Yeah, yeah, yeah...
[Khabib] Just stay here.
[Lex] Just stay.
[Khabib] I don't need to do nothing.
You have to.
You have to spend your energy to get up.
You understand?
Why I have to force?
Do you understand? I make you work.
[Khabib] I’ll make you work!
[Lex] Now I understand why people run.
[Khabib] Let's go, let's go, let's go.
move move move, Magdi
Magdi, move!
[Ali to Magdi] You grapple like it’s a wrestling match.
This is not grappling.
[Speaker_3] Oh, no. Khabib look, look,
[Khabib] be careful be careful
Be careful, Islam.
Hey. Be careful.
[Lex] It’s so much pressure.
shit...
You can't tell
with the pressure in the hips is insane.
He’s singing too.
[Khabib] Hip, hip, hip. Do understand me?
Hip. Push push.
[Lex] I mean you asked for viewers!
[Lex] Thank you, brother.
[Khabib] Thank you so much.
You know, I want him to feel pressure.
Because I play he play.
Yeah, I can play with anybody, anytime,
but I go.
I want to show him a little bit,
like pressure you understand,
Scramble after scramble,
scramble after scramble,
and I put him in my position,
[Ali] But you know what interesting?
Many guys stop.
You do never stop.
You keep going.
[Khabib] Good, it’s good, brother.
[Ali] You're my brother,
You're a real one.
[Lex] It’s an honor, man.
[Khabib] But, he feel, he feel.
[Lex] I feel it psychologically too.
I felt in a low place.
[Khabib] Yeah.
[Ali] All my life, I feel psychologically,
Like I want to give up.
He don't give you a tap. He don’t tap you.
You keep going.
Sometimes you tap, it's reset, start.
[Khabib] Mentally smash
Mentally smash
[Lex] Has anyone ever done
that to you? The last time
[Khabib] With me, no.
[Lex] Maybe when you're a
kid.
[Khabib] You know,
since when I was, 18, 19,
I was, I always was against,
high level guys.
[Lex] Yeah.
[Khabib] Because in my gym, I have,
always high level guys.
This who I grew up the ground game.
[Lex] So they're always...
[Ali] Brother I learned 12 years.
This is true.
I have never seen anyone pass his guard or tap him.
[Khabib] Sometimes.
Sometimes in gym,
I just come change clothes.
Sometimes
we'll go 1.5 hour nonstop.
One 20, one 10, one hour, one and a half other,
more than one hour. Non-stop.
Maybe changing four or five opponents.
10-15 minutes,
another guy, 10-15 minutes.
[Lex] You keep going,
[Khabib] I keep going,
I used to play too long.
Long.
[Lex] And what happens to you mentally?
[Khabib] Mentally,
In my mind, I was like, thinking
how somebody can make me tired.
[Lex] I see you wanting to go on and...
[Khabib] Keep going. All my life, keep going, keep going.
[Lex] You know Dan Gable wrestler?
[Khabib] Yeah.
Olympic champion.
[Lex] Yeah! He he said, he always said in practice
he wanted to go until he quits.
He never got there.
He kept trying.
[Khabib] That's why he's
the best.
he's Olympic champion.
[Lex] Yeah Olympic champion.
[Khabib] I just come back from, training camp.
I have training camp in Dubai.
I have 25 people they know. They know, every day I go, morning and night,
and all the champions.
Big, big names.
[Lex] How do you feel?
[Khabib] I love it. My body is very good.
My body feel very good.
sometime for some...
Sometime when I travel for one week. Yes.
I feel so bad
because I go on the run and lift
Because there is no sparring partner.
[Lex] And I miss it so much.
[Lex] I could tell you still love it
[Khabib] I love it
[Lex] I can feel it.
[Khabib] No no no no, I love it.
[Lex] Awesome.
[Khabib] But no, no I'm gonna go...
Now I'm gonna go to this.
Be careful, be careful with this.
[Khabib in Russian] You’re giving that away every single time.
be careful, hey,
eh, eh.
[Camera guy] A lot of pressure?
[Lex] You know, it's a lot of pressure,
but it's a huge honor, man.
[Magdi] I'll just say one thing.
This witness, this witness, when I go with him
he don't let me get up.
I'm all the time in this position.
[Glover] It's no way out.
[Ali] He is not small guy anymore.
[Glover] Oh, he feel like 280 pound.
[Lex] It's incredible man.
[UFC Embedded] That's shooting around on
Michael Jordan.
[Lex] It's shooting with Michael Jordan, yeah.
It's like one-on-one
basketball at night
with Michael Jordan
[UFC Embedded] Yeah
In the YMCA.
[Lex] Yeah. In the YMCA.
[Khabib] Thank you brother Thank you.
Good job. tomorrow.
We work tomorrow.
Yeah, we'll go together, right?
[Lex] Yeah.